does seed change with every image?  yes, only the first animation image uses the seed that is user provided, the rest are random

figure out a way to test code from in here
  maybe replace google drive with a local folder

if video isnt square then crop it to make a label video?

integrate an option to use frame interpolation? rife or the other may be much better on a v100

make a normal copy of the video too?

make a "ramp" from one prompt to another

convert frame skip steps into steps
  this can be a seperate input that goes below it and we can use one or the other. In fact, we can make a special print or something that gives us one if we give the other.

instead of seperate blanks for the new series and old inputs, just make the same blank work

an estimated completion time would be cool, but probably difficult



info:
  limit size of stats
    reduce font size
  make stats show in two columns?
  show steps (the actual steps being used after skip steps was taken away)
  show the most recent prompt
  find other settings that would be useful to see

some way to take prompts into account and automatically change settings when a new prompt image is important and should be high quality, maybe even ramping stuff down or something afterwards

do certain seed numbers always behave weirdly, good, bad..?

show file name by image and progress bars
show any new setting that is being used there too

save average it/s to new text file save list of changing settings to text file

i shouldnt have to rewrite stuff into the new settings if they are staying the same as the 0 frame in the normal settings above

remember to make everything show in settings

dynamically changing prmpts would be cool, it could look at the images and automatically make new prompts based on what it sees

learn about skip_augs

look into making models be done with the "new" system

possible to use new init images throughout the print? maybe something involving reverse or something to make it gradually go from one init to another through a prompt? not really thought out yet..

a way to make comparisons of two different changing settings or a control next to each other in one video. Ex: show two slideshows in the same video, in one of them sat_scale is changing, in the other one it is not, and everything else is the same.

a grid comparison of changing settings and their combinations, this could even be a 3d grid or a many dimension grid that is viewed by changing settings(between pre-defined, pre-printed settings) and seeing result in real time

hook this up to keep looking at the image and make new prompts as it goes:
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1FwGEVKXvmpeMvAYqGr4z7Nt3llaZz-F8
-it could also be hooked up to something that makes it use better/longer settings as new images are being made

try something that ramps up detail as new prompts are made. try that with the auto-prompt writing above